

Motor Steps Per Revolution:
The number of full steps per motor revolution. If you
know how many degrees per step the motor is (e.g., 1.8 degree),
then divide 360 by the degrees per step to find the number of
steps per motor revolution.

Driver Microstepping:
The amount of microstepping performed by the driver. Enter 2 for
half-stepping.

Pulley Ratio:
If your machine has pulleys between the motor and leadscrew, enter
the ratio here. If not, enter 1:1.

Leadscrew Pitch:
Enter the pitch of the leadscrew here. If you chose Inch units,
enter the number of threads per inch If you chose mm units, enter
the number of millimeters per revolution (e.g., enter 2 for 2mm/rev).
If the machine travels in the wrong direction, enter a negative number
here instead of a positive number, or invert the direction pin for the axis.

Maximum Velocity:
Enter the maximum velocity for the axis in units per second.

Maximum Acceleration:
The correct values for these items can only be determined through
experimentation. See Finding Maximum Velocity to set the speed and
Finding Maximum Acceleration to set the acceleration.

Home Location:
The position the machine moves to after completing the homing procedure
for this axis. For machines without home switches, this is the location
the operator manually moves the machine to before pressing the Home button.
If you combine the home and limit switches you must move off of the switch to
the home position or you will get a joint limit error.

Table Travel:
The range of travel for that axis based on the machine origin. The home
location must be inside the Table Travel and not equal to one of the Table
Travel values.

Home Switch Location:
The location at which the home switch trips or releases reletive to the machine
origin. This item and the two below only appear when Home Switches were chosen
in the Parallel Port Pinout. If you combine home and limit switches the home
switch location can not be the same as the home position or you will get a joint
limit error.

Home Search Velocity:
The velocity to use when searching for the home switch. If the switch is near
the end of travel, this velocity must be chosen so that the axis can decelerate
to a stop before hitting the end of travel. If the switch is only closed for a
short range of travel (instead of being closed from its trip point to one end
of travel), this velocity must be chosen so that the axis can decelerate to a
stop before the switch opens again, and homing must always be started from the
same side of the switch. If the machine moves the wrong direction at the beginning
of the homing procedure, negate the value of Home Search Velocity.

Home Latch Direction:
Choose Same to have the axis back off the switch, then approach it again at a very
low speed. The second time the switch closes, the home position is set. Choose
Opposite to have the axis back off the switch and when the switch opens, the home
position is set.

Time to accelerate to max speed:
Time to reach maximum speed calculated from Max Acceleration and Max Velocity.

Distance to accelerate to max speed:
Distance to reach maximum speed from a standstill.

Pulse rate at max speed:
Information computed based on the values entered above. The greatest Pulse rate
at max speed determines the BASE_PERIOD. Values above 20000Hz may lead to slow
response time or even lockups (the fastest usable pulse rate varies from computer
to computer)

Axis SCALE:
The number that will be used in the ini file [SCALE] setting. This is how many
steps per user unit.

Test this axis:
This will open a window to allow testing for each axis. This can be used after
filling out all the information for this axis.
